docs: clarify V2 guaranteed CPU must cover assigned SPDK CPU cores (#1410)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.12.0/important-notes/_index.md

For more information, see [Issue #13237](https://github.com/longhorn/longhorn/issues/13237) and [Configurable CPU Cores](../advanced-resources/v2-data-engine/configurable-cpu-cores).

> ### V2 CPU Configuration Recommendations

Reviewer: Find a better title

Author: I choose `V2 Dedicated CPU Requirements`

Other options:

- V2 Dedicated CPU Considerations
- V2 CPU Requirements
- V2 CPU Recommendations
- V2 CPU Considerations
- V2 CPU Allocation Requirements
- V2 CPU Reservation Requirements
- V2 CPU Allocation and Stability
- V2 CPU Reservation and Stability

> When assigning CPU cores to the V2 Data Engine, it is strongly recommended that the V2 instance-manager pod have enough guaranteed CPU to cover the same number of CPU cores, based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assigning CPU cores to the V2 Data Engine, the V2 instance-manager pod must have enough guaranteed CPU resources to cover the same number of CPU cores, based on the node's allocatable CPU capacity. This ensures dedicated CPU availability for SPDK reactors and prevents CPU contention, helping maintain predictable performance and V2 Data Engine stability.
```

Author: Fix, thank you

In CPU-mask mode, verify that the V2 instance-manager pod has enough guaranteed CPU for the configured `data-engine-cpu-mask`. If the guaranteed CPU is lower than the assigned CPU cores, the V2 instance manager may become unstable under load, resulting in increased latency, timeout events, or operational instability.

> In general, assigning more dedicated CPU cores to the V2 Data Engine requires more guaranteed CPU for the V2 instance-manager pod. For detailed behavior and setting interactions, see [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU](../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu), [Data Engine CPU Mask](../references/settings/#data-engine-cpu-mask), and [Data Engine Number of CPU Cores](../references/settings/#data-engine-number-of-cpu-cores).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assigning CPU cores to the V2 Data Engine, ensure that the V2 instance-manager pod has enough guaranteed CPU resources to cover the assigned cores. This provides dedicated CPU availability for SPDK reactors, prevents CPU contention, and helps maintain predictable performance and V2 Data Engine stability.

You can verify that the guaranteed CPU resources match the CPU cores specified by `data-engine-cpu-mask` or `data-engine-number-of-cpu-cores`. For more details, see [Guaranteed Instance Manager CPU](../references/settings/#guaranteed-instance-manager-cpu), [Data Engine CPU Mask](../references/settings/#data-engine-cpu-mask), and [Data Engine Number of CPU Cores](../references/settings/#data-engine-number-of-cpu-cores).
```

Author: Fix, thank you
